Implement redirect mechanism to the pages between different Docs versions (#10163)
handsontable/handsontable: docs/README-EDITING.md

| Tag              | Meaning                                              | Default value                                              |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `id`             | The page's uniq id.                                  | The value is required and is used for the Docs page redirection between different Docs versions (https://github.com/handsontable/handsontable/pull/10163). Every time a new MD file is created, there is needing to generate a unique page id value. Once the page id is added and released should not be changed. The id should be random alphanumeric values of 8 characters (generator page https://www.random.org/strings/?num=20&len=8&digits=on&loweralpha=on&unique=on&format=html&rnd=new).  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `id`             | The page's unique ID.                                  | Required. Used for redirecting between different versions (e.g., 12.1 to 11.0) of the same documentation page (https://github.com/handsontable/handsontable/pull/10163). Don't change the IDs of existing pages. To add an ID for a new page, generate 8 random alphanumeric characters (https://www.random.org/strings/?num=20&len=8&digits=on&loweralpha=on&unique=on&format=html&rnd=new). |
```
